Update what's new for Kotlin 2.0.20-RC2 KGMP + Gradle Java plugins deprecation warning (#4372)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/whatsnew-eap.md

Learn more about the [hierarchical project structure in Kotlin Multiplatform](multiplatform-hierarchy.md).

### Deprecated compatibility with Kotlin Multiplatform Gradle plugin and Gradle Java plugins

In Kotlin %kotlinEapVersion%, we introduce a deprecation warning when you apply the Kotlin Multiplatform Gradle plugin 

> and any of the following Gradle Java plugins within the same project: [Java](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/java_plugin.html),

Reviewer: Should the preposition be "apply the plugin **to** the same project"?

[Java Library](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/java_library_plugin.html), and [Application](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/application_plugin.html).

> This warning also appears when another Gradle plugin in your multiplatform project applies a Gradle Java plugin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The warning also appears when another Gradle plugin in your multiplatform project applies a Gradle Java plugin. 
```

Because I can.

For example, the [Spring Boot Gradle Plugin](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/gradle-plugin/index.html) automatically
applies the Application plugin.

We've added this deprecation warning due to fundamental compatibility issues between Kotlin Multiplatform's project model

> and Gradle's Java ecosystem plugins. The problem is that Gradle's Java ecosystem plugins currently don't take into account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Gradle's Java ecosystem plugins. Plugins of the Gradle's Java ecosystem currently don't take into account
```

that other plugins may:

> * Also publish or compile for the JVM target in a different way than the Java ecosystem plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Publish or compile for the JVM target in a different way than the Java ecosystem plugins.
```

Sounds redundant to me, but YMMV.

Author: I think it's worth keeping because it's about having two plugins trying to publish for a single JVM target simultaneously :)

> * Have two different JVM targets in the same project, such as JVM + Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have two different JVM targets in the same project, such as JVM and Android.
```

If the plus is not significant in some way :)
